We know that functions are useful for grouping code together,
and that we can execute that code just by referring to the function name.
And functions only have to be written one time,
so no copy and pasting lots of code when you want to repeat it.
For the following scenarios,
check which ones would be helped if you organized your code
into functions instead of leaving them as blocks of code.
In scenario one, you've written a block of code that adds two numbers together,
and you want to use it repeatedly to calculate your expenses over some time.
In the second scenario,
a friend wants to share their restaurant rating code with you.
And in the third, you've written a block of code that sets a wake-up alarm,
and you use it in all your clocks at home.
But you made a mistake inside the code and need to fix it for all the clocks.
So for all these scenarios,
check any one of them that could be helped by using functions.